# JavaScript Arrays & Looping Independent Project: Ping-Pong
_*Epicodus Introduction to Programming Week 3 Project, 10-28-16*_

by Suzi Rubino

##Description
The instructions for the requirements of this project are as follows:

- [ ]Create a web application that takes a number from a user and returns a range of numbers from 1 to the chosen number with the following exceptions:

- Numbers divisible by 3 are replaced with "ping"
- Numbers divisible by 5 are replaced with "pong"
- Numbers divisible by 15 are replaced with "ping-pong"

- [ ]A user should be able to enter a new number and see new results over and over again.

- [ ] Break the program down into simple, individual behaviors with input/output examples. Begin with the simplest possible behavior.

_*Your code will be reviewed for the following objectives:*_

- [ ] JavaScript business logic and user interface logic are separate.
- [ ] Variable names are descriptive and use lower camel case (e.g. myVariableExample).
- [ ] Code has proper indentation and spacing.
- [ ] Application works as expected.
- [ ] All previous objectives have been met.
- [ ] Logic is broken down into "plain English" specs, listed in README.
- [ ] Project is in a presentable, portfolio-quality state.
- [ ] Project demonstrates understanding of this week's concepts. If prompted, you are able to discuss your code with an instructor using correct terminology.

##Further Exploration
- [ ] Recreate the example layout.
- [ ] Add images and other custom aesthetics.
- [ ] Implement different behaviors/effects/images for different inputs.

##Specifications

1. Develop a function that only accepts numbers greater than or equal to 1.
  - ** Example Input: abc, -10
  - ** Example Output: "please select a number: either 1 or higher."

2. Develop a method for allowing the user to submit a new number, hiding the  previous sequence of numbers generated by a previous number submittal
  - ** Example Input: 5 (after user submitted 20)
  - ** Example Output: 1,2,ping,4,pong

3. Return the returned sequence of numbers displayed as a list item.
  **- Example Input: 5
  - Example Output:
      - 1
      - 2
      - ping
      - 4
      - pong__**


4. Develop a function that counts up from 1 in sequence up to the number submitted by the user.
  - ** Example Input: 17
  - ** Example Output: 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17

5. Develop a function for replacing the any number in the sequence above with "ping" when the number is divisible by three; "pong" when it is divisible by 5; and "ping-pong" when it is divisible by both 3 and 5 (these numbers are also divisible by 15).
  - ** Example Input: 17
  - ** Example Output: 1,2,ping,4,pong,6,7,8,ping,pong,11,ping,13,14,ping-pong


##Setup/Installation requirements
* [visit my gh-page for Independent Project #3](https://suzirubi.github.io/ping-pong)
* [Visit my gh page for Indpendent Project #2](https://suzirubi.github.io/Independent-Project-Week-2/)
* [Visit my gh page for Independent Project #1](https://suzirubi.github.io/portfolioFix/)

## Known Bugs
_* xx *_


## Technologies Used

1. html
2. github
3. custom and bootstrap cascading style sheets
4. custom and jQuery javascript

## Copyright and license information

Not applicable at this time.
